README.md, before:

Vagrant Skeleton
======================

This is the Vagrant skeleton that we use at [Better Brief](//betterbrief.co.uk). It's meant to form a "as close as possible" base to our live servers to keep fragmentation of environments to a minimum. There is obviously the advantage of easily portable development environments!

## Guest OS

We're using a CentOS 6.4 OS, image from [puppet labs](//github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-vagrant-boxes) (thanks)

## Automation and provisioning

We use as much automation as possible during provisioning so that our scripts can be used on other environments and not just on Vagrant boxes.

## Purpose

The main purpose for this skeleton is for developing [SilverStripe](http://silverstripe.org) sites (as that's our primary framework) so we include a basic environment file for that. However, the skeleton can easily be adapted for any other framework that you want to host on CentOS

## Included scripts and software

### Software

Coming soon

### Configs

Coming soon

## Environments

Ideally we'd have scripts and configs that can be used on many environments (including live) however these are just local development environments and none of these are used on a live server.

Commit message:

Added some more docs
Adding more documentation to explain usage

README.md, after:

Vagrant Skeleton
======================

This is the Vagrant skeleton that we use at [Better Brief](//betterbrief.co.uk). It's meant to form a "as close as possible" base to our live servers to keep fragmentation of environments to a minimum. There is obviously the advantage of easily portable development environments!

## Guest OS

We're using a CentOS 6.4 OS, image from [puppet labs](//github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-vagrant-boxes) (thanks)

## Automation and provisioning

We use as much automation as possible during provisioning so that our scripts can be used on other environments and not just on Vagrant boxes.

## Purpose

The main purpose for this skeleton is for developing [SilverStripe](http://silverstripe.org) sites (as that's our primary framework) so we include a basic environment file for that. However, the skeleton can easily be adapted for any other framework that you want to host on CentOS

## Usage

To get up and running is very simple.

1. Add a SQL dump to the `database` folder with the name of the database the same as the filename
2. Checkout code to folder `www`
3. Go to the command line and `# vagrant up`

This will run the default webserver with the default php modules we need installed. It will also pull in the database(s) automatically.

### Customisations

Edit the `Vagrantfile` to enable or disable install scripts as they are required.

## Included scripts and software

### Software

Coming soon

### Configs

Coming soon

## Environments

Ideally we'd have scripts and configs that can be used on many environments (including live) however these are just local development environments and none of these are used on a live server.
